## Back at it

It has... been a hell of a few weeks. Almost got beat up at a theater for shushing someone during a show, my cat got sick... just a truly exhausting time.

Going to be trying out Responder again

## Responder 

Okay, starting from scratch. I nmap it, looking for open ports, running scripts, and versions.

Found port 5985 open running Microsoft HYYPAPI

Port 7680 open as well, with Pando-pub

Trying to connect to the website, getting redirected to problem loading page 

running echo "[IP Address] unika.htb" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts allows me to connect to the web page now 

Learning about LFI and RFI

Setting up Responder for the first time

Struggling to figure out how to capture the challenge hash, forgot to change the IP to match my machine through Responder

Found the hash, throwing it in john with the rockyou.txt wordlist

Password: badmiton 

using evil-winrm to connect with the admin username and password

Rummaging around, I manage to find the flag.txt.  Putting in type flag.txt to get the flag and pwn the machine.  

## Three

Attacking an AWS S3 bucket apparently, for a reverse shell

Going to the website after finding port 80 open

found the domain, @thetoppers.htb

Using gobuster to find a subdomain for it, found gc._msdcs.thetoppers.htb and s3.thetoppers.htb

Learnign how to use awscli

using trash configuration for awscli to see if configuration is setup properly

Was able to get a reverse shell, trying to make a bash to get it connected to my local machine 

Cannot figure out how to use #! bin/bash, will get dinner and come back to this after a break. Maybe tomorrow.

Back after eating and doing some research on bash scripting since I've never done it before 

Figured out how ot make the bash script, I didn'thave to access it.

Something clearly isn't working as I try to go to the destination URL after opening up nvlp to the port I'm using nothing is happening

Okay after troubleshooting I will come back, I cannot figure out what I'm doing wrong.  Will work more on my Linux fundementals 
